proofread: +comma: structural elements... (#16848)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/accessibility/wai-aria_basics/index.md

[WAI-ARIA](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/) (Web Accessibility Initiative - Accessible Rich Internet Applications) is a specification written by the W3C, defining a set of additional HTML attributes that can be applied to elements to provide additional semantics and improve accessibility wherever it is lacking. There are three main features defined in the spec:

> - **[Roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles)** — These define what an element is or does. Many of these are so-called landmark roles, which largely duplicate the semantic value of HTML5 structural elements e.g., `role="navigation"` ({{htmlelement("nav")}}) or `role="complementary"` ({{htmlelement("aside")}}), but there are also others that describe different pages structures, such as `role="banner"`, `role="search"`, `role="tablist"`, `role="tab"`, etc., which are commonly found in UIs.

Reviewer: Shouldn't we use e.g. only in parenthesis (E.g.) ? And use _like_ or _for example_ here?

That's what is implied [here](À la découverte des lois de l'univers: La prodigieuse histoire des mathématiques et de la physique).
```suggestion
- **[Roles](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles)** — These define what an element is or does. Many of these are so-called landmark roles, which largely duplicate the semantic value of HTML5 structural elements, like `role="navigation"` ({{htmlelement("nav")}}) or `role="complementary"` ({{htmlelement("aside")}}), but there are also others that describe different pages structures, such as `role="banner"`, `role="search"`, `role="tablist"`, `role="tab"`, etc., which are commonly found in UIs.
```

Author: incorporated suggestions, taking time-using web interface

Reviewer: @lakhininenina For your information, if you "commit suggestion", it is much quicker than to re-edit by yourself :-)

    ```

5. If you save the example now and test it with a screenreader, you should hear something like "Enter your name star, required, edit text".

> 6. It might also be useful if we give screenreader users and sighted users an idea of what the age value should be. This is often presented as a tooltip, or placeholder inside the form field perhaps. WAI-ARIA does include [`aria-valuemin`](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#aria-valuemin) and [`aria-valuemax`](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#aria-valuemax) properties to specify min and max values, but these currently don't seem very well-supported; a better supported feature is the HTML5 `placeholder` attribute, which can contain a message that is shown in the input when no value is entered, and is read out by a number of screenreaders. Update your number input like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. It might also be useful if we give screenreader users and sighted users an idea of what the age value should be. This is often presented as a tooltip, or placeholder inside the form field perhaps. WAI-ARIA does include [`aria-valuemin`](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#aria-valuemin) and [`aria-valuemax`](https://www.w3.org/TR/wai-aria-1.1/#aria-valuemax) properties to specify min and max values, but these currently don't seem very well supported; a better supported feature is the HTML5 `placeholder` attribute, which can contain a message that is shown in the input when no value is entered, and is read out by a number of screenreaders. Update your number input like this:
```
This is correct as is because 'well supported' is not being used as an adjective to describe something. For example, 'well-supported environment' would have the hyphen.

Author: @dipikabh thank u, reverted change
